looking at you looking at me thoughts on
your mind wonder what they could be due
to type of good and I see and my dreams
even though I'm up late night highly
ever sleep you really are you guys are
getting into Monday for this week
sweetly stinker rotation we have one of
my favorite red and black fits because I
got a new pair of shoes pick these up
yesterday at sol con Long Island hosted
by souls and hoes and so we got my red
and black elwood Flamel on that I wear a
lot i got my elwood tall tee and black
going down i got my embellished denim
right here the Micra denim as you can
see i got i finally got a pair of red
ones hopefully you can see these gonna
do it on a detailed review and stuff
play I got red ones these are the two
thousand one pair believe it or not and
I got these for a really good price it's
even get a better shot sorry there you
go so yeah these are the bread ones from
2001 as you can see maybe from the way
the nike air is we got these are 01
really love these going to getting a lot
of use out of these formations so
definitely stay tuned for the review and
on foot and yeah basically it for monday
and saying to do things today is to
thing and how it just doesn't really
matter today he's got a bum member
because i just took a the common core
regions today so on right now run for
the day off and so I'm just got some
Americans this joggers but the main
thing is I got on my nike free flyknit
we know these are
should I just forgot the name of these
but I'll put it right on the screen this
weight on today super comfortable I need
the shoes left and right got so much use
out of these super comfortable to fly in
it as you can see tons of wear out of
them this Park came off play yeah either
like on feet for Tuesday really white
like socks and actually I got a package
in today as you can see so then we got a
shoe box right here by the time this
video is uploaded I already made the
unboxing video for this so if you want
to check what's in the box definitely
check out the previous video of the
unboxing on these and yeah that's it for
shoes and let's get into winds up guys
today is Wednesday I'm more like glasses
for ones usually don't do this and my
hair is a little different today I just
changing it up a bit and in this fit I
got a new pair of shorts and a new
t-shirt that I got yesterday so right
here we got a striped t-shirt with some
flaw right here go ahead do a future bid
on these two items there a pair of
shorts right here really comfortable
really soft and I just got on my
superstar 80s as you can see about to
fall okay I've got these on p for today
let these shoes double check out the
review and unboxing yeah so that's today
and then also I got cold accent watch as
usual and my hi so yeah let's get into
Thursday whats up guys today is Thursday
and I got a special pair of shoes on
today there's actually the pair of shoes
that I had put the box over there if you
can check out the unboxing video we're
going to see them right now still
suggests seen the unboxing video be at
before that we got this new long sleeve
t-shirt says soul boys on it's a
consignment shop I explained this in the
unboxing vid they hopefully go check
that out and yeah going down we got just
my heather gray American sis joggers and
and on feet we've got as you can see the
air max 90 s and the infra red colorway
the og's really last materials on this
law is amazing that let's check out the
unboxing will have the wings of the
description really nice pair of shoes at
the back of the ninth year love these
really comfortable I went true to size
so that's the shoes and yeah let's go
straight to Friday what's up guys so I'm
not sure how I can hear me cuz there's
up the lawn guys but I'm at Spencer's
house right now I actually finished
photo shoot got some shoes right here is
actually a bunch of my red kicks in here
we did a nice photo shoot definitely
check it out on Instagram so my cameras
over there I just it's like hooked up
and stuff I just wanted my iphone right
now but once again I just got on my red
ones on feet I'll put a little sneak
peek
d photo should we did yeah they got the
Fred ones again just love these shoes
and once again sorry if you can't hear
me well yeah that's it definitely check
out all the pictures and yeah it's going
to set some guys today is Sunday sorry I
was not able to record anything
yesterday on Saturday of what I work
just because it's probably one of the
busiest days of my life I'll just tell
you quickly in the morning at the s80
that I had after that I had photo class
for a couple hours and right after that
I had to go to a sweet 16 so I used my
dress shoes that people want to see that
bottom right here there's just what I
wore this week 16 like Johnson Murphy's
don't know the name of these but those
look that's what i wore on saturday and
yeah so getting into Sunday's fit I just
got a pretty black fit just something
light hits i got like a first-class
snapback strapback this probably like go
to hat in general just because it's
comfortable and it's red and it has the
cool accents so yeah it's that and then
going down just got the American stitch
snakeskin joggers as usual and then one
of my most worn shoes as usual you
already know if I read their fire of
threes on feet for you guys they go out
there definitely being these shoes up
but I can always restore them if they
want
so really love rhymes really comfortable
fire in threes can't go wrong and yet
that concludes this week's complete
rotation please give this video a thumbs
up usually don't do this but let's try
to get this video to 50 thumbs up let's
just try to get to that maybe a hundred
whatever you got if it get this video to
100 likes maybe do a really special
video so definitely stay tuned for that
and really hit the subscribe button
below if you have any tips on what i
could do with these weekly sneak
rotation definitely put those in the
comments below I'll catch them to you
guys to guys 47 sunny out peace